New test suite and some extra input validations (#1)
zabo-api/zabo-sdk-js: README.md

})
```

### Zabo.init() Configuration
While instantiating your new Zabo SDK instance, you have a few configuration options that can be changed to best suit your needs. Please note that some options are available only when running the SDK from the browser while others are available when running the SDK on your node.js code.

| Key           | Description   | Platform   |
| ------------- | ------------- |----------- |
| clientId      | App Key acquired when registering a new application in [Zabo Dashboard](https://zabo.com/login/). | Browser |

> | env           | Zabo API environment the SDK is connecting with. Could be either `sandbox` or `live`. Currently only `sandbox` is available. | Both |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| env           | Zabo API environment the SDK is connecting with. Could be either `sandbox` or `live`. Only `sandbox` is available unless a `live` connection is approved. | Both |
```
